Remove UXP requirement notice (#128)
upbound/provider-aws: docs/Configuration.md

Find more information in the [Upbound UXP
documentation](https://docs.upbound.io/uxp/).

> _The Upbound AWS official provider may also be used with upstream [Crossplane](https://crossplane.io/docs/v1.9/getting-started/install-configure.html)._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_The Upbound AWS official provider may also be used with upstream [Crossplane](https://crossplane.io/docs/v1.10/getting-started/install-configure.html)._
```

Assuming there is no way to link 'latest' doc.

Author: ```suggestion
_The Upbound AWS official provider may also be used with upstream [Crossplane](https://crossplane.io/docs/master/getting-started/install-configure.html)._
```

Author: I'll link to master that way its always the latest.
